.\" Copyright (C) 2005, 2006 NTT Corporation"
.TH TCPCP_START 3 2006-03-10 "TCPCP2 1.0" "Manual of TCPCP2"

.SH NAME
tcpcp_start \- allow the TCP socket to resume sending and receiving packets

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0

.HP
.B #include <tcpcp.h>

.sp

.HP
.B int tcpcp_start(int
.IB fd ,
.B int
.IB flag ,
.B struct result_list
.BI ** reslst );

.PD
.SH DESCRIPTION

The function
.BR tcpcp_start ()
is an API for TCPCP2.

.LP
If the value of the argument
.I flag
is
.BR TCPCP_EXEC_ONE ,
then the TCP socket
.IR fd ,
which has stopped sending and receiving packets because either function
.BR tcpcp_set_si ()
or
.BR tcpcp_stop ()
was called, can resume sending and receiving them.

.LP
If the value of
.I flag
is
.BR TCPCP_EXEC_ALL ,
all TCP sockets of the calling process can resume sending and receiving
packets. In this case, you must create a dummy socket
.I fd
before calling
.BR tcpcp_start ().

.LP
In either case,
.BR tcpcp_start ()
returns a malloc'ed Processing Result List
.IR reslst .

.PD 0
.RS .5i
.nf
struct result_list {
    unsigned int fd_all;  /* The number of target sockets. */
    unsigned int fd_ng;   /* The number of failed sockets. */
    struct fdr fdrs[0];
};

struct fdr {
    int fd;               /* Socket descriptor. */
    int result;           /* On success, zero is set.
                           * On failure, errno is set. */
};
.fi
.RE
.PD

.LP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"

If
.BR tcpcp_start ()
succeeds,
.B TCPCP_RET_OK
is returned.  Otherwise,
.B TCPCP_RET_NG
is returned and error number
.I errno
is set appropriately.

.SH ERRORS

.TP
.B EINVAL
The argument
.I flag
is neither
.B TCPCP_EXEC_ONE
nor
.BR TCPCP_EXEC_ALL .

.TP
.B ENOSYS
The system cannot link a kernel module of TCPCP2.

.TP
.B EBADF
The argument
.I fd
is an invalid descriptor.

.TP
.B ENOTSOCK
The argument
.I fd
is a file, not a socket.

.TP
.B EPFNOSUPPORT
The socket family is neither IPv4 nor IPv6.

.TP
.B ESOCKTNOSUPPORT
The socket type is not byte stream.

.TP
.B EPROTONOSUPPORT
The protocol type of the socket is not TCP.

.TP
.B EBUSY
The socket is currently locked.

.TP
.B ENODEV
You try call
.BR tcpcp_start ()
for the TCP/IPv6 socket, for which has be set the TCP-SI containing a
link-local address by calling
.BR tcpcp_set_si (),
but the device that the socket attempts to use does not exist.

.TP
.B EFAULT
The argument
.I reslst
is an invalid pointer.

.TP
.B ENOMEM
Out of memory.
